Add IMDS details (#1664)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/manage/security/iam-roles.mdx

3. [Create an IAM role and assign the policy to that role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_job-functions_create-policies.html). 
4. Tiered Storage with AWS requires that the user have the following permissions to read and create objects on the bucket to be used with the cluster (or on all buckets): `GetObject`, `DeleteObject`, `PutObject`, `PutObjectTagging`, `ListBucket`. 
5. [Bind the VM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html#attach-iam-role), or [Pod in the case of Kubernetes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/specify-service-account-role.html), to the IAM role.

> 6. Ensure IMDSv2 is optional for your EC2 instance. As of June 1, all instances default to IMDSv2 (more details [here](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2023/06/imds-packet-analyzer-simplifies-migration-imdsv2/). See [this page](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/configuring-IMDS-existing-instances.html) for details on how to set IMDSv2 as optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Ensure that [IMDSv2 is optional](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/configuring-IMDS-existing-instances.html) for your EC2 instance.

  Redpanda supports only IMDSv1. Now that all EC2 instances default to IMDSv2, you must configure IMDSv2 as optional so that Redpanda can use IMDSv1. For details see the [AWS announcement (https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2023/06/imds-packet-analyzer-simplifies-migration-imdsv2/).
```
